Guyana the size of Great Britain it's
one of the few tropical countries where
most of the rainforest is still intact
just over the border in Venezuela the
trees meet an extraordinary range of
tabletop mountains
the climbing team spent the night
perched high on this rock face getting
out of bed on the wrong side here is not
an option
hello mate it's Gary
that's what happy one of the most
glorious places I've ever worked out the
view is extraordinary you can see all
the way to Brazil little wisps of cloud
Louis and the light is beautiful the
summits of these mountains have been
isolated for tens of millions of years
they're a lost kingdom of strange
animals and plants no one has ever
climbed Mount a pigma before if they
reach the top
they hope to discover new species
I hope to make a lot more progress today
than we did yesterday we were very slow
yesterday and the less time we can spend
today the more time we have on top to
actually go finding animals and that's
what we're here for Steve's an
accomplished climber but to keep up with
his world-class team he's having to
raise his game fold a really dangerous
large boulder right above a van and
whatever you do don't touch it over I've
got this great big flake here which is
ready to go it's the size of a fridge
freezer if it came off anyway I think
about what happen if him off
shattered boulders far below lie silent
witness to the unreliable rock face
he'll aroma
Oh God oh god that's leased to you oh
shoot taking John please okay please
don't go please ah ah ah ah she says one
of the scary things I've ever done
think about it this is knocking
positions with me either so when you
come where cameraman Keith is also in a
precarious position
you're on something loose tea I'm not
anything everything all right
Oh God
I don't like this ah
you